nobleton ha ha hi this is sister to
funky coming to you live at cafe 70 at
the Museum of uncut funk today I'm going
to prepare for you my version of food on
noodle soup so what I have here before
me are my ingredients I have one sliced
carrot and what I have here our broccoli
leaf stems now use the leaves for
another recipe but I've always saved my
broccoli stems because they're filled
with a lot of nutrients and why throw
them out when you could use them for
stews and soups and to add extra flavor
quote to whatever dish that you're
cooking I have here a sliced red pepper
some chopped shitake mushrooms my mood
on noodles I have a tablespoon of ginger
and four garlic cloves i also have a
roasted turkey breast that i have slice
and i'm going to add to my soup and for
my base the flavoring i'm going to use a
chicken stuff towards the end of my male
1 I place it in the bowl I'm going to
chop my scallions and put them on top
and I have here some low-sodium soy
sauce just to add more flavor so what
I'm going to do is put my base in a pot
of boiling water and then I'm going to
start to add my ingredients okay i have
my pot of boiling water i'm going to add
two packets of chicken stock to my water
and i actually have been here four cups
of water and i'm adding two packets of
chicken stock now while that is boiling
and the chicken start starts to dissolve
i'm going to add my for shocked Carla
our clothes and my one tablespoon of
ginger I'm going to mix that around ok
now I'm going to start to add my
vegetables to this mixture because I'm
not going to let them cook very long
they're going to cook for about two to
three minutes I want them to be fork
tender but I don't want them to be mushy
so I'm going to take my carrots and i'm
going to add those into this mix i'm
going to take my broccoli leaf stems and
i'm going to add that going to mix this
around over there i'm going to add my
red pepper sliced red pepper and my
chopped shitake mushrooms ok now i'm
going to put a cover on this let this
come to a boil and come back in two to
three minutes now that I have all of my
vegetables in the pot I'm going to let
this boil for about a minute or two
again I want my vegetables to be a fork
tender and I'm going to get a cover let
this boil and then when I come back and
want to add my noodles and my roasted
turkey and let that get warmed in the
broth with the vegetables and we'll have
lunch ok so our soup has been boiling
for about two minutes I'm going to take
the cover off I'm going to reduce the
heat under there so it could be at a
nice simmer now what I'm getting ready
to do is I'm going to add
my food on noodles to this mixture just
put them in just like that now once the
noodles go in this is not going to take
long to cook because the noodles are
already cooked for you so basically
you're just warming them up in your
stock and vegetables so I'm going to mix
the vegetables around make sure the
noodles get covered with the bra and
then I'm going to take my slice roasted
turkey and I'm going to place that right
on top like this and allow the turkey to
get warm you can push some of those
pieces down like that and you can add
more turkey or less turkey more
vegetables less vegetables whatever you
choose to do so I'm going to let this
boil simmer for about another minute and
then when we come back I'm going to put
some in a bowl and we're going to have
lunch udon noodle soup for lunch today
okay our soup has been simmering I'm
going to turn this out and as you can
see it's nice and hot so I am going to
take my tongs and put some of these
noodles mix this up a little bit put
some of these noodles in my bowl be very
careful taking this out because you know
they're thick noodles and you want to be
able to get everything in the bowl so i
got my littles in the bowl I'm had some
vegetables some of the carrots oops some
of the broccoli stems and some of the
mushrooms
get all of that goodness in here and put
some of the roasted turkey right on top
and then i'm going to get my ladle and
make sure i get some of the broth in
here and when you're getting the broth
you can also scooped up some of those
vegetables that are on the side there an
tastic now you know if I didn't mention
it before you can get food on noodles
from your local Asian supermarket if you
have one in your community so as I've
got my soup in here I'm going to come
over here and get some of these
scallions and sprinkle them right on top
we cover my soup to make sure it stays
nice warm and I have my spoon here now
you can add a little soy sauce on top of
this if you'd like it's not necessary I
personally think there's enough flavor
going on in here where I for myself will
not add any on soy sauce so I'm going to
taste this broth mmm that's delicious
you get the hint of the shitake
mushrooms you can taste the ginger the
garlic and this is just really a really
good light and easy suit to make any
time of the year so I hope you try this
recipe I'm going to finish having my
lunch here and i'll see you next time
Thunder man aboard